what's up everybody Gary franchi here
next news network I'd take you outside
of the studio today because once you're
starting to break daylight savings is
here America feels feels good again and
you know I'm out here in Northern
Illinois this is Obama country and it's
just air is brisk and clean and about an
hour west of Chicago and I think to
myself man some of these stories I'm
reporting on all the time they drive me
frickin crazy drive me crazy i decided i
would for the heck of it i print out a
couple headlines for you stuff that
happened over the weekend and I got to
thinking like you know when I show this
stuff to social media people get pissed
off man it's like these flame wars with
your family members I've already lost
some friends and family over the whole
election and politics and stuff but I've
been doing this routine that's made a
lot of sacrifices unfortunately what
social media different story shrimp
fires is US Attorney Preet Bharara after
refusing to resign you fired the way to
hear that one a judge bar the
enforcement Trump's revised travel ban
oh don't do that right you can't have
extreme vetting in this country canyon
is the story is that you post a facebook
post a twitter and you're gonna you're
going to make some people mad
and true arrested the White House okay
some about my liberal friends us
celebrate that headline here's a good
one you hear about this one word that
one go opal Hoshi Pelosi oh my god
salasi she says 2010 we had the pass the
bill so you can find out what's in it
2017 on Trump care we had the right to
know the full impact of the legislation
before any voting committee or by the
whole house yeah she actually said that
so instead of posting to Facebook and
posting to Twitter I'm just going to
post these things the candid and have an
open and open and honest debate about it
and he'll know candid has been
sponsoring a lot of our work here and
they you know they get a lot of crap to
a lot of critics and I looked into some
of the some of the claims I just don't
think they hold water personally you
know so they decided candid decided to
run do something special for our next
news and that that was pretty cool now
you don't have to participate you'll
want to you don't have to but they're
going to give away a two-hundred-dollar
gift card to any next news user that
goes to candid and pulse in a threat i'm
going to create a thread and i'll put a
link in the description now this is
where it gets interesting the only way
you can get the gift card if you put if
you put a link to your facebook page or
twitter or your email now you don't have
to participate i realize that you know
destroys the anonymity of the whole app
for that thread at least but it's a way
for you to participate and get a little
something back for contributing to the
app and contributing to the
activity the discussion of some of these
headlines that we're producing here come
the stories were covering and yeah I'm
sure people are gonna be like Oh
maramures fresh you why are you going to
do they are not going to put my my my
Twitter my email that ball is not cover
well of course it does so don't do it if
you don't want to okay it's totally
voluntary you know and so we'll take a
random the user and we'll say that two
hundred dollar gift card to amazon it
should be pretty cool and so back to the
point here is that with this new America
we're facing in the new dawn of social
media it's getting nasty online man it's
getting nasty people are afraid to speak
out and I think the one thing that can
it allows for it's free to have that
debt debt that anonymity for that moment
you know again people criticize all but
they're going to this is a secret ai and
they're going to sell your information
they're going to give it all the
facebook well no actually listen I
listened to an interview for the CEO of
the company and reviewed the terms of
service they don't sell their they'll
sell information is completely
proprietary and it's self funded by this
multi-millionaire you know the CEO or
self so either way i figure i'd take
down this walk sort of blow off some
steam talk about some of these headlines
I just need my favorite one here it's a
Pelosi story as she actually had the
audacity to say that people deserve to
know what's in the health care bill
before we pass it what is up with his
lady huh I mean
everything was that stupid no she must
because I mean I'll never forget the
clip over and over and over again we got
to find out what's in the bill before we
pass it we can't prove we gotta vote on
the bill to find out what's in it right
you know what I'm talking well you know
she said oh man ladies nut supposedly a
shoe is going to retire if Hillary one
else are a grand plan unfortunately I
guess we're stuck with her for now so
I'll leave the links in the description
some of these headlines I'll get into a
greater detail this week will dig into
the stories and see what's happening oh
man it's a beautiful day though I can't
wait for all these trees they come in
come into bloom it's gonna be nice so
anyway I hope you enjoyed this walk I
hope you check out the app and i'll see
you at the i'll see you in the thread
i'll create a thread just for this
specific topic and we'll continue the
discussion there so until then have a
great weekend and have a wonderful week
ahead for the next news network i'm gary
franchi